Issue warning when using deprecated SELFDESTRUCT (#13884)
ethereum/solidity: docs/units-and-global-variables.rst

    - the receiving contract's receive function is not executed.
    - the contract is only really destroyed at the end of the transaction and ``revert`` s might "undo" the destruction.

> Furthermore, all functions of the current contract are callable directly including the current function.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should include the warning also next to the [Yul opcode list](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/yul.html#evm-dialect).

Also, I'd add it to [this bit on `selfdestruct` in the introduction](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/introduction-to-smart-contracts.html#deactivate-and-self-destruct). This part should actually be rewritten but for now sticking the warning there would at least be a hint that it's no longer something you should do.

Author: Sure. By the way, should the deprecation note be a note or a warning (blue or orange)? I kinda feel that a warning would be better suited.
edit: I've changed it to a `warning::` instead of `note::`; it looks and feels better that way.

Reviewer: Yeah, I agree that a warning is appropriate here.

.. note::

>     From version 0.8.18 and up, use of ``selfdestruct`` in both Solidity and inline assembly (Yul) will issue a
>     deprecation warning, since the ``SELFDESTRUCT`` opcode will eventually undergo breaking changes in behaviour
>     as part of `EIP-6049 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6049>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    From version 0.8.18 and up, the use of ``selfdestruct`` in both Solidity and Yul will trigger a
    deprecation warning, since the ``SELFDESTRUCT`` opcode will eventually undergo breaking changes in behaviour
    as stated in `EIP-6049 <https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6049>`_.
```
